I never imagined someone
could be so honest and direct.
She looked me straight in the eye
and told me I wasn't scary.
Ms. Waguri, a regular at our patisserie.
But I never would've guessed…
that she is a student at Kikyo.
THE FRAGRANT FLOWER BLOOMS WITH DIGNITY
Morning!
I can't take it anymore!
Take what?
Kikyo! I'm talking about Kikyo!
They gave me that death stare again today!
Isn't that every day?
That's right! But even I've got my limits.
Seriously, what's their deal?
It's not like Chidori was my first choice!
More like it was the only school
that'd take you, right?
The heck?
You're lucky it's you two. Saku and Ayato.
-Morning.
-Morning!
Listen, you gotta hear this!
Shohei, where do you get all that energy?
You talking about Kikyo?
We got the same death stare.
If even Mr. Popular Saku
is getting iced out, we're screwed.
Kikyo? No thanks.
I mean, you've got the rich girls at Kikyo
and the idiots at Chidori…
Any way you slice it, we just don't mix.
Oh, I know! Like adding fuel to a fire!
More like oil and water.
-Huh?
-Anyway, what happened to your forehead?
And he's not listening.
He said he hit his head or something.
How do you even manage that?
Wait, did you close
those curtains, Rintaro?
Huh? What?
Just thought it was rare
to see them closed.
Yeah.
Shoot, I left them closed.
I mean, staring at Kikyo's building
isn't exactly gonna lift your mood, is it?
It's not about that!
What's with you all of a sudden?
My bad. Forget it.
The sun was just kinda bright, that's all.
But you never close them.
You said you like the warmth.
Well, sometimes I feel like closing them.
Therefore, when referring
to a person or thing,
you add a phrase such as "that person"
or "that thing" after the noun.
Ms. Waguri…
She looked really surprised earlier.
I closed the curtains
without even thinking.
But now that I think about it,
I must've seemed really rude.
Kikyo and Chidori, huh…
I doubt she'll come to the shop again.
Maybe it's better this way.
Nothing good would come
from getting involved with me.
Especially since she's from Kikyo.
This is for the best.
This is how it should be.
Hey, Rintaro.
You free today? Let's go hang out.
Well…
Looks like there's no request
for help from Mom.
Sure, where are we going?
No way! You're actually down!
Yeah, I guess.
Gonna sing my heart out
to make up for missing last time.
I've got a coupon for free fries.
Fries it is!
-Hope we score over 95 today.
-Leave it to me!
I've been practicing a new song.
Feels like today's the day.
What's with all the commotion?
-Lemme see too!
-For real?
-Well, that's new.
-Who is she waiting for?
What's up?
Oh, well, it's just…
There's a girl waiting there.
Ms. Waguri?!
Why's she standing here? What's she doing?
Hey, hey, hey!
What's a Kikyo girl doing at Chidori?!
That idiot!
He's lashing out at her
just 'cause she's from Kikyo.
I'm waiting for someone.
Huh? And who exactly are you waiting for?
Usami.
Quit scaring her.
Sorry.
It's okay.
Says she's waiting.
Does she know someone from Chidori?
The hell?
I'm so friggin' jealous!
-Huh?
-I can't stand Kikyo,
but having your girl
waiting for you at the school gate?
Dammit! I want a girlfriend too!
Good thing he's an idiot.
Kaoruko!
What are you doing?
Ayu, Suzuka…
You shouldn't be here. Let's hurry back.
-But…
-No buts!
Seriously?
What is she doing over at Chidori?
She might catch Chidori's stupidity.
It's Kikyo.
They're talking smack about us again.
Good thing Hoshina's not here to see this.
Come on, let's go.
Hey!
You bumped into me.
Least you can do is apologize!
Come on, Kaoruko.
Hey! Get back here, Kikyo!
I'll remember this!
Dammit! Why am I the only one
who has to take that crap?
Well, you did go in guns blazing.
I wonder what that girl even wanted.
Like I care! This is why
I can't stand those Kikyo girls!
Man, that was seriously close.
Wait, hold on…
Does that mean she came to see me?
No, no, no.
She might know someone else from Chidori!
But if that really were the case…
Hey, Rintaro, don't you agree--
Dude, what's with the weird face?!
Huh?
True. Never seen that look before.
It's even scarier than usual.
Shut up!
Jeez, don't scare me like that!
It's because you keep making him worry.
Wait, how is it my fault?!
What is this?
I'm not sure why, but…
I feel happy.
No, no! What am I thinking?
All I did was scare her off again.
We obviously shouldn't
see each other again.
You put in the next song, Rintaro?
Oh, my bad. I'll add it now.
All good.
Dammit! I can't even hit 90!
But you sang well!
Doesn't matter without the score!
Hey, Rintaro.
Did something happen recently?
Huh?
Is that so?
Yeah, you've been acting
kinda strange today too.
If something's on your mind,
you can talk to us.
That injury doesn't look like
you just bumped it by accident.
Should I tell them?
But why even bring up Ms. Waguri?
What's the point?
Even if I did tell them,
they'd probably just say…
Kikyo, huh…
I hate Kikyo.
Don't waste your time
with those Kikyo girls.
I get why they'd say that…
but still…
I don't want to hear it.
Nah, it's nothing. I'm good.
Right.
Well, if anything's up,
you can always talk to us.
Anyway, let's lighten things up
with the next song.
Wait, I didn't add anything yet.
I did it for you.
Get ready to hit the high notes!
Huh? You trying to kill me?
Here's your mic!
-Natsusawa.
-Yeah?
Sorry for making you worry.
This is exactly what I mean, Rintaro.
Huh?
I'll join in.
-Hand me a mic.
-What? You're gonna sing?
Talk about a rare treat!
My throat hurts.
Huh?
They're supposed to be
way past closing time…
I'm home.
Hey, the shop door's unlocked.
Rintaro!
Welcome back.
THE FRAGRANT FLOWER BLOOMS WITH DIGNITY
Ms. Waguri? Why are you here?
I'm so sorry!
I caused such a scene.
All because I underestimated just how bad
things are between Chidori and Kikyo.
What? That doesn't bother me at all.
Please, no need to bow like that.
Finally! Took you long enough!
Welcome home.
Thanks.
You could've at least texted
if you were gonna be late!
Ms. Waguri's been waiting here
this whole time!
Huh?
Ms. Waguri.
If you still have time,
would you like some of our leftover cake?
Thank you, but I should be heading off--
I'm sorry. That was so improper of me…
Not you too, Rintaro.
Sorry, sorry! My bad!
Ms. Waguri.
How about we have some cake together?
Okay.
She always looks so happy
when she's eating.
By the way…
Is your friend okay? Did he hurt his chin?
Oh, you mean Usami?
Don't worry about him. He's tough.
I'm glad.
By the way, what were you doing
at our school gate?
Well, I wanted to see you, Rintaro.
So she was there because of me!
But I won't be so careless again.
Sorry.
Don't be!
It was my schoolmates who instigated it.
Besides, seeing you there
made me really… happy. I mean…
Shoot! I just blurted it out!
Wait! Sorry about that!
That was kinda creepy, wasn't it?
I take it back!
Huh? No!
Don't take it back!
Aren't you going to eat any cake?
Huh? Yes! Let's eat!
You know, I wasn't expecting you
to stop by the shop today!
Because I showed up out of the blue?
No, I thought
you wouldn't come by anymore.
Why?
Huh? I mean…
We're from Chidori and Kikyo, right?
Since you're from Kikyo,
I thought you wouldn't want
to see me anymore.
Besides, nothing good would come
from getting involved with me--
But I…
was happy…
when I found out you went to Chidori.
What?
Oh, look at the time!
Sorry, I should head home now.
Ms. Waguri!
It's true.
I thought it'd be a chance
to get to know you better.
-Ms. Wa--
-Thank you for the cake!
Why'd she make that face?
I don't get it.
I don't get it, but…
I hurt her.
Huh? Rintaro!
Did Ms. Waguri go home already?
Hey, you listening?
Are you okay?!
I don't recall giving birth to a skeleton!
Just come with me, right now!
I see…
So that's what happened.
That friggin' hurt!
First off…
You've gotta go chase after Ms. Waguri.
It's dangerous for a girl to walk home
alone at night. You just learned that!
Seriously…
Ms. Waguri said she was happy
to get to know me.
I don't get what's going on anymore.
This dense son of mine.
Where did I go wrong?
What?
-You know…
-Huh?
Why would she want to see me
when she's from Kikyo?
Do you really not get it?
Get what?
You're doing to her exactly what people
have done to you all your life.
You've always hated being judged
just by your appearance, right?
And yet now, all you do is harp on
about Kikyo this, Kikyo that.
Did Ms. Waguri ever treat you differently
after she found out you were from Chidori?
But you,
what about her are you focusing on?
Nothing good would come
from getting involved with me.
I heard his family runs a cake shop.
Totally doesn't fit his vibe.
He's got a reputation
for being terrifying.
Since you're from Kikyo.
Hey, are you listening?
Huh? What on earth are you doing?!
Tissue! Tissue!
I'm the worst.
I'm no different from them.
What they did to me… I did to Ms. Waguri.
-Mom.
-Huh?
Thanks.
Huh?
Rintaro?
What are you doing here?
I figured I'd see you
if I showed up early.
Ms. Waguri.
Yes.
I'm sorry I hurt you yesterday.
I'm sorry.
Hurt me?
You looked sad when you left last night.
What's the matter?
Knowing I made that sort of face,
it's just so embarrassing.
It's true I was sad.
But those were my own selfish feelings…
And I left without saying a word,
which only caused you more worry.
I'm so sorry!
Don't be! I'm the one who…
You're way too kind, Rintaro.
From the very start,
Ms. Waguri has always been upfront
and honest with me.
So I've got to do the same.
When my friends at Chidori
bad-mouth Kikyo,
I usually don't think much of it.
I'd accepted that our two schools
hate each other.
But when I thought of them
bad-mouthing you,
I couldn't accept it.
I hated it.
But I was worried that if you got involved
with me, I'd just put you in danger.
So I held back.
Please let me undo
what I took back earlier.
I'm sorry I was so focused on our schools
that I wasn't paying attention to you.
I was happy too!
Ms. Waguri?
I'm fine now! Sorry for worrying you!
Rintaro.
I'm Kaoruko Waguri.
I… I know.
And you are Rintaro Tsumugi.
Chidori and Kikyo don't matter.
Because it's you, Rintaro Tsumugi,
that I wanted to get to know.
Sorry about suddenly
closing the curtains yesterday.
I'm sure that came off as rude.
Oh, I wasn't bothered by that at all!
That reminds me!
It's still early, so no one should be
in the classrooms right now, right?
Yeah, probably not.
Then…
I wanna get to know you…
Ms. Waguri.
A world I once thought
I'd never have anything to do with.
Now it feels like
it's gotten a bit closer.
EPISODE 2
CHIDORI AND KIKYO
Subtitle translation by: Kenji Mouri